.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
  ☝️How to write a good PR title:
  - Prefix it with [Feature] (if applicable)
  - Start with a verb, for example: Add, Delete, Improve, Fix…
  - Give as much context as necessary and as little as possible
  - Use a draft PR while it’s a work in progress
-->

### WHY are these changes introduced?

Fixes #0000 <!-- link to issue if one exists -->

<!--
  Context about the problem that’s being addressed.
-->

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

<!--
  Summary of the changes committed.
  Before / after screenshots appreciated for UI changes.
-->

### Update checklist
<!--
  Ideally, CHANGELOG entries should be in the format
  `* [#PR](PR URL): Message`. You should consider adding your PR
  and then making the CHANGELOG update once you know the PR number.
-->
- [ ] I've added a CHANGELOG entry for this PR (if the change is public-facing)
- [ ] I've considered possible cross-platform impacts (Mac, Linux, Windows).
- [ ] I've left the version number as is (we'll handle incrementing this when releasing).

Commit message:

Extend the PR template with a new section to include post-release steps

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
  ☝️How to write a good PR title:
  - Prefix it with [Feature] (if applicable)
  - Start with a verb, for example: Add, Delete, Improve, Fix…
  - Give as much context as necessary and as little as possible
  - Use a draft PR while it’s a work in progress
-->

### WHY are these changes introduced?

Fixes #0000 <!-- link to issue if one exists -->

<!--
  Context about the problem that’s being addressed.
-->

### WHAT is this pull request doing?

<!--
  Summary of the changes committed.
  Before / after screenshots appreciated for UI changes.
-->

### Post-release steps

<!--
  If changes require post-release steps, for example merging and publishing some documentation changes,
  specify it in this section and add the label "includes-post-release-steps".
  If it doesn't, feel free to remove this section.
-->

### Update checklist

- [ ] I've added a CHANGELOG entry for this PR (if the change is public-facing)
- [ ] I've considered possible cross-platform impacts (Mac, Linux, Windows).
- [ ] I've left the version number as is (we'll handle incrementing this when releasing).
- [ ] I've included any post-release steps in the section above.
